# Day 5
## Journal Entry

This week has gone by fast. I have learned a lot. I don't feel like I'm as busy as I originally thought I would be, but when I look at the time I'm spending on projects and working on code... I realize that I'm spending a lot of time on these things. It just doesn't seem like much because I'm really enjoying what I'm doing. I worked in Pest Control for the past 8 years. It was an okay job. Most of my problems orbited around satisfying customers and some issues I either couldn't solve because my boss wouldn't fork over a few extra bucks to fix or customer's were just unreasonable. That being said, I am pumped to be doing work in an industry that is interesting and fun. I truly enjoy looking at my final product and being able to show off my work. This has been amazing so far. I have noticed that thursday night I stayed up super late working on a project the entire time. It was really good for me. By the end of the night I realized that saving little code snippets are super helpful especially if the website I'm working on has several repeat ideas with different content. Last thing, I know that this course is going to get stressful and it will be difficult. I am already finidng joy in overcoming difficulties. I realize that I need to cultivate a no quit attitude. I have weighed the risks for quitting my job while I am the only financial provider for my family of 7 and I know that I have no choice but to succeed. I am excited and nervous and ready to do my best. 