9/14/2021

Daily Journal

I finished my backend. All the tests were passing by the end of the day monday. So, tuesday I ended up working on front end items. By the end of the day, I felt like I had spent too much time trying to figure out how to get masonry to work. When I discovered how simple and easy the bootstrap card-columns was... it made me happy to finally overcome that obstacle and a little sad that I probably could have worked on more items today. I did kind of dance around back and forth between items on the front end and occasionally went down a rabbit hole on a styling method from a few brief moments. Im not completely disappointed though because the styling is looking pretty good and I'm not done yet. On wednesday, I plan on focusing on the modals. I did get one working by the end of the day. I do remember thinking at one point during the day, that it is very gratifying to see that my skills are improving. I still have the same issues as I've had throughout the cohort, but I find that I'm fixing those issues much quicker. Where I usually would need to go ask for help, I am taking just a few extra minutes and solving the problems myself. Occasionally when I do ask for help, it is because I didn't even fathom that what I was trying to do would be easier if it was done a slightly different way that I didn't really know or understand. And even then it's a pretty quick fix. I am very please with my efforts during this cohort and impressed at all the projects we have build and the knowledge that has come to me. Boise Codeworks is a very special place.  